# Utility News

# Summary of Service Bill Cycle 15

Warm weather is here! And so are mosquitoes. Do your part to keep mosquitoes away. Mosquitoes can carry diseases like West Nile Virus, Zika, malaria and dengue, which can lead to serious conditions. Visit AustinTexas.gov/Mosquito.

Stage 2 watering restrictions are in place. Water only on your assigned days and in the morning/late evening to prevent water loss due to evaporation. Find your watering day/time at waterwiseaustin.org.

Are you looking for a place to donate your gently used items? The Austin Reuse Directory tool can guide you. Visit austinreusedirectory.com to find donation, resell, rental and repair locations.

Scammers are targeting utility customers. Don't fall for a call threatening you with immediate disconnection. Hang up and call 512-494-9400 or visit coautilities.com to check your account status. More at austinenergy.com/stopscams.

Austin Energy offers free home energy improvements to eligible customers. Available if you rent or own, weatherization can help make your home more comfortable and energy efficient. Apply in minutes at austinenergy.com/weatherize.

# Contact Information

View or Pay online: www.coautilities.com

Customer Service: 512-494-9400 or call toll free at 1-888-340-6465

TDD: 512-477-3663

Se Habla Español

To report an electrical OUTAGE call 512-322-9100 or visit outagemap.austinenergy.com. Please have your account number available.

# Invoice Details

|Service Address:|1311 NORWALK LN F, ZIP: 78703|
|---|---|
|Account Number:|30804 90500|
|Invoice Number:|308777693355|
|Bill Print Date:|Jul 22, 2024|
|Due Date:|Aug 8, 2024|

# Previous Activity/Charges

|Total Amount Due at Last Bill|$98.20|
|---|---|
|Payment received|$0.00|
|Please Note - Bill Due Date does not apply to Previous Balance Due.|This balance is DUE IMMEDIATELY.|

# Current Activity/Charges

|Electric Service|$88.91|
|---|---|
|Utility News_Clean Community Service|$9.70|
|Drainage Service|$10.99|
|Street Service|$14.06|
|Late Payment Fee|+ $3.17|
|Current Balance|$126.83|

# Total Amount Due

$225.03

# Payment Stub

Account: 30804 90500

Total Amount Due: $225.03

Date Due: 08/08/24

Make Checks payable to City of Austin.

View or Pay online: www.coautilities.com

Penalty After Date Due: $4.45

Total Due After 08/08/2024: $229.48

CAP Contribution: $________________

Parks & Libraries Fund: $________________

Homeless Student Fund: $________________

Enter contributions and include in Total Paid

Total Paid: $________________

THE CITY IS COMPLYING WITH THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT.
# Service Details

# Your Electricity Use (KWH)

| |ELECTRIC SERVICE| |1311 NORWALK LN F, ZIP: 78703| |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| |Meter #|7168897| | |
| | | |Next Read Date|Approx. 08/17|
| |Read Date|06/17/2024|07/17/2024|Consumption|
| |Read|27199|27811|612|
| | |Reading Difference| |612|
| | |Total Consumption in KWH| |612|

# Current Month

|Days of service|30|
|---|---|
|kWh Used|612|
|Avg. kWh per day|20.4|
|Avg. cost per day|$2.96|
|13 month avg. consumption:|445.46|

# Charges

|COA - Electric Residential| |
|---|---|
|Customer Charge|$14.00|
|Tier 1 first 300 kWh at $0.04088 per kWh|$12.26|
|Tier 2 next 312 kWh at $0.05115 per kWh|$15.96|
|Regulatory Charges 612 kWh at $0.01374 per kWh|$8.41|
|Community Benefit Charges|$4.83|
|Power Supply Adjustment 612 kWh at $0.04598 per kWh|$28.14|
|Power Supply Administrative Adjustment 612 kWh at $0.00724 per kWh|$4.43|
|Residential Sales Tax| |
|Taxable Amount|$88.03|
|City Sales Tax 1%|$0.88|
|TOTAL CURRENT CHARGES|$88.91|

Enjoy more rebates and more savings from Austin Energy! Through April 15, enjoy rebates averaging $2,550 or 0% financing on home energy efficiency improvements. Learn more about Home Performance with ENERGY STAR at austinenergy.com/go/hp.

# CLEAN COMMUNITY SERVICE

| |Service Dates|06/21/2024|07/22/2024|
|---|---|---|---|
|City of Austin - Clean Community Fee Residential| | | |
|Austin Resource Recovery|$5.00| | |
|Austin Code Department|$4.70| | |
|TOTAL CURRENT CHARGES|$9.70| | |

View or Pay online: www.coautilities.com

# AUTHORIZED PAY STATIONS:

Payments are accepted at most Austin-area HEB and Randall's stores, as well as:

- South Branch Utility Customer Service Center (1901 W. William Cannon)
- North Branch Utility Customer Service Center (8716 Research Blvd., Ste 115)
- East Branch Utility Customer Service Center (2800 Webberville Rd.)

# Drop Box Locations Are:

- 625 East 10th Street
- 505 Barton Springs Road

# Mail all inquiries to:

City of Austin Utility Customer Service,
P.O.Box 2267 Austin, TX 78783-2267
# WATERSHED DRAINAGE SERVICE

Service Dates: 1311 NORWALK LN F, ZIP: 78703

06/21/2024 - 07/22/2024

|City of Austin Drainage Monthly Charge|$10.99|
|---|---|
|TOTAL CURRENT CHARGES|$10.99|

To view the impervious cover on your property, use the "Find My Drainage Charge" tool located at www.austintexas.gov/drainagecharge.

# STREET SERVICE

Service Dates: 1311 NORWALK LN F, ZIP: 78703

06/17/2024 - 07/17/2024

|City of Austin Transportation User Fee - Residential|$14.06|
|---|---|
|TOTAL CURRENT CHARGES|$14.06|

Are you over 65? You may be eligible for a waiver of your Transportation User Fee. Call 512-494-9400 for more information.

# Late Payment Fee

Service Dates: 1311 NORWALK LN F, ZIP: 78703

|Electric - Late Payment Fee|$3.17|
|---|---|
|TOTAL CURRENT CHARGES|$3.17|

The drainage charge is calculated using the amount; infootage, and the percent of impervious cover or square footage of the property: Impervious cover is any type of surface that does not absorb rainfall; including: rooftops; patios, driveways, walkways, paved and unpaved parking lots and some decks.
P00003-0013533
              P00000-0000003